Phishing Email Analysis

1. From: support@paypal.com -- service@paypal.com is the original .

2. To: goi345@gmail.com name should need to be a legal name because it is a bank
account, but its like goi345.

3. Dear Customer → The paypal does not tell generic greetings (dear customer) , they
will send with the real name of the customer.

4. http://yourbanksecure-login.com/verify -- suspicious
• Because its not https (not secure)
while analyzed through urltopng -> Its given an error( Dangerous site)
• It’s a paypal mail , but it’s like yourbanksecure-login.com/verify. So it
strongly tells it is a suspicious website.
• The original Paypal login: https://www.paypal.com/signin

5. Contact our support team at support@company-paypal.com → The contact of
paypal email should not be like this , because there is no need of telling company-
paypal, they can directly tell it as paypal.com. In the mail , sender mail id and the
contact for support mail id is differ. So it’s a suspicious mail id.

6. Failure to update within 24 hours will result in account suspension → Making the
customer to respond faster so it’s a red flag.

7. The Security Team YourBank Online Services
• It’s a Paypal mail, But they have mentioned as yourBank , they did not mention
the exact paypal name at the end .
• And there is a confusion between the security and the support team.
This is a phishing attempt ,to trick users by clicking a malicious link and stealing their
PayPal or banking credentials.


The mail is a phishing mail due to the following reasons:

1. Dear customer- is mentioned instead of account holder name.
2. support@paypal.com
    support@company-paypal.com
     There are differences in the contact info
3. http://yourbanksecure-login.com/verify
     - Not a secured bank website as https is  missing.
4. scares you that account will be closed within 24 hrs to make you rush.  
5. Account holder details are not  mentioned .
6. security team/ support team - real company use only one official domain name
